Updating the developer on-boarding doc. This will be used as a shared… (#6486)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: docs/developer-onboarding.md

This document describes the on-boardng steps for new Developers when they join the team.

## You can request access to the following by asking in the #digital-tools-support slack channel:

> - [DfE-Digital](https://github.com/DFE-Digital) GitHub group access. This will give you access to all repos. Ours are: [Find](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-teacher-training) and [Apply](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DfE-Digital](https://github.com/DFE-Digital) GitHub group access. Once you're added to the BAT (Becoming a Teacher) team you will have access to all repos. Ours are [Find](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-teacher-training) and [Apply](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training)
```

> - [DfE-digital](https://github.com/DFE-Digital) GitHub group access. This will give you access to all repos but ours are: [Find](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-teacher-training) and [Apply](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DfE-Digital](https://github.com/DFE-Digital) GitHub group access. This will give you access to all repos. Ours are [Find](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-teacher-training) and [Apply](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training)
```

This document describes the on-boardng steps for new Developers when they join the team.

## You can request access to the following by asking in the #digital-tools-support slack channel:

- [DfE-Digital](https://github.com/DFE-Digital) GitHub group access. Once you're added to the BAT (Becoming a Teacher) team you will have access to all repos. Ours are [Find](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-teacher-training) and [Apply](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training)

- [Logit access](https://dashboard.logit.io/a/eeeb8311-79d8-49ab-9410-9b6d76b26f72) (Stack: Becoming a teacher - PaaS)

- [Sentry access](https://sentry.io/auth/login/dfe-teacher-services/)

> 

Reviewer 2: Im trying to think of other tools we might need like Skylight

Author: Hmm, yeah do you have a link or some docs? 🤣 

Maybe google dev console too, what do you think?

## PaaS/DevOps steps

> ### Get a PaaS account

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can add a note around needing to get space developer access everyday? Or possibly updating the PaaS cheatsheet

Author: Thanks - I did both of those things, does what i've added make sense?

### Getting familiar with PaaS
See [PaaS cheatsheet](/docs/paas-cheatsheet.md).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Azure CIP

> You will need a CIP account in order to raise a PIM (Privileged Identity Management) request to access certain resources, for example, production environments. Steps on how to register for a CIP account and raise a PIM request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need a CIP account in order to raise a PIM (Privileged Identity Management) request to change environment variables or access nightly database backups. Steps on how to register for a CIP account and raise a PIM request
```

can be found in the [DfE Technical Guidance](https://technical-guidance.education.gov.uk/infrastructure/hosting/azure-cip/).

## Access to QA, Sandbox and Production

- Navigate to the Support Sign in page: [QA](https://qa.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in), [Staging](https://staging.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in) and [production](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in)

> - If you already have a DfE Sign In account, login, if you do not click `Create account` and follow the instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you already have a DfE Sign-in account, log in. If you do not, click `Create account` and follow the instructions
```

> - Once you have successfully logged in, you should see an [Apply page](https://qa.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support) stating your `UUID`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once you have successfully logged in, you should see a page stating your DfE Sign-in `UUID`
```

I think It doesn't make sense to link here because that page is different depending on the user's state?

- Ask a colleague who has support access for the environment you are trying to access to go to the [Add support user page](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/users/support/new) and add your email address and your `UUID` (from the last step).

Note: You can also navigate to the Add Support User page by logging into support and clicking `Settings`, `Support users` and `Add support user`

> 
> - You should now be able to login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Developer Slack Channels
These are a small number of recommended Slack channels for new developers to join:
- `#apply-dev-notifications`

> - `#civil_servant_devs`

Author: Do you think it's worth adding a note here explaining this is a locked channel, they won't be able to search for it and they will need to be invited by someone who already has access?

Reviewer 3: Yes – I did wonder about this and made me think if this channel still needed to be locked 🤔. A discussion for another time perhaps, but happy with a note being added – guess they will just need a way of identifying who to ask i.e. which devs are CS within their team

Author: I think when Aga created this channel, we thought it might encourage conversation etc. i think there are pros and cons on both sides, but yes, you're right, a conversation for another day. 

I'll add a bit about it to my commit.

- `#developers`
- `#twd_apply_tech`
- `#twd_bat_devops`
- `#twd_developers`

# Additional reading

Have a read through [Teacher Services technical documentation](https://teacher-services-tech-docs.london.cloudapps.digital/#teacher-services-technical-documentation), [DfE Technical Guidance](https://technical-guidance.education.gov.uk/)

>  and [A common component architecture for BAT services](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbT11P_75TD2BV27VZKGfBb1tbbaUg8HdXnj-qUrhuY/edit#heading=h.aa27aisjanla)

Reviewer: I don't think this is relevant — a standardisation effort that never took off

can be found in the [DfE Technical Guidance](https://technical-guidance.education.gov.uk/infrastructure/hosting/azure-cip/).

## Access to QA, Sandbox and Production

- Navigate to the Support Sign in page: [QA](https://qa.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in), [Staging](https://staging.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in) and [production](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in)
- If you already have a DfE Sign In account, login, if you do not click `Create account` and follow the instructions
- Once you have successfully logged in, you should see an [Apply page](https://qa.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support) stating your `UUID`
- Ask a colleague who has support access for the environment you are trying to access to go to the [Add support user page](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/users/support/new) and add your email address and your `UUID` (from the last step).

Note: You can also navigate to the Add Support User page by logging into support and clicking `Settings`, `Support users` and `Add support user`

- You should now be able to login.

> ## Developer Slack Channels

Reviewer 3: Held off including descriptions - thoughts?

Author: Will push up a commit with some thoughts...

- Navigate to the Support Sign in page: [QA](https://qa.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in), [Staging](https://staging.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in) and [production](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/sign-in)
- If you already have a DfE Sign-in account, log in. If you do not click, `Create account` and follow the instructions
- Once you have successfully logged in, you should see a page stating your DfE Sign-in `UUID`
- Ask a colleague who has support access for the environment you are trying to access to go to the [Add support user page](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.service.gov.uk/support/users/support/new) and add your email address and your `UUID` (from the last step).

Note: You can also navigate to the Add Support User page by logging into support and clicking `Settings`, `Support users` and `Add support user`

# Additional reading

Have a read through [Teacher Services technical documentation](https://teacher-services-tech-docs.london.cloudapps.digital/#teacher-services-technical-documentation) and [DfE Technical Guidance](https://technical-guidance.education.gov.uk/).

> # Developer Slack Channels

Author: How's this @JR-G? Any thoughts or improvements?

I know you added `#twd_bat_devops`, but I removed it as it just looked like spam in there. I replaced it with `#teacher-services-infra`

Also, sorry, I accidently pushed without pulling your commit down 😓

Reviewer 3: no worries all good – I wasn't aware of that channel myself so looks like even I've gained from the onboarding doc!

Reviewer: ha - me too!

These are a small number of recommended Slack channels for new developers to join

- Join `#apply-dev-notifications` for GitHub notifications from the [Find postgraduate teacher training](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training) and [Apply for teacher training](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-teacher-training) codebases

> - `#civil_servant_devs` is a channel for civil servant developers, join if you would like to be part of ongoing developer discussion, meet ups and technical talks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `#civil_servant_devs` is a channel for civil servant developers. Join if you would like to be part of ongoing developer discussion, meet ups and technical talks.
```

Author: Done ♻️

This is a private channel, so ask a permanent developer within Teacher Services to invite you.

> - `#developers` is a generic channel for anything technical related

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `#developers` is a generic channel for anything technical. It's for developers across DfE, not just in Teaching Workforce Directorate.
```

Author: Done ♻️
